com/kelly/sales/SalesTester.java
 com.kelly.sales.SalesTester
com/kelly/ticket/Ticket.java
 com.kelly.ticket.Ticket
com/kelly/sales/DiscountCustomer.java
 com.kelly.sales.DiscountCustomer
com/kelly/sales/MyInterface.java
 com.kelly.sales.MyInterface
com/kelly/score/Printable.java
 com.kelly.score.Printable
com/kelly/score/Scoring.java
 com.kelly.score.Scoring
com/kelly/sales/GoldCustomer.java
 com.kelly.sales.GoldCustomer
com/kelly/sales/SilverCustomer.java
 com.kelly.sales.SilverCustomer
com/kelly/parking/Runner.java
 com.kelly.parking.Runner
com/kelly/sales/MyClass.java
 com.kelly.sales.MyClass
com/kelly/score/Student.java
 com.kelly.score.Student
com/kelly/score/ScoringNG.java
 com.kelly.score.ScoringNG
com/kelly/score/GraduateStudent.java
 com.kelly.score.GraduateStudent
com/kelly/sales/Shopping.java
 com.kelly.sales.Shopping
com/kelly/ticket/StudentTicket.java
 com.kelly.ticket.StudentTicket
com/kelly/ticket/Station.java
 com.kelly.ticket.Station
com/kelly/sales/Customer.java
 com.kelly.sales.Customer
com/kelly/ticket/Tester.java
 com.kelly.ticket.Tester
com/kelly/sales/PlatinumCustomer.java
 com.kelly.sales.PlatinumCustomer
com/kelly/Hello.java
 com.kelly.Hello
ui/MyActionListener.java
 ui.MyActionListener
ui/MyWin.java
 ui.MyWin
